"# backend_plp" 
# About the task

We’ll be creating a PLP (Product Listing Page), similar to those used by e-commerce websites, as the domain for this problem.

There’s no time limit for this task but If you are careful with the scope we expect it to be possible to complete this task in about 2 hours. It’s reasonable to include some text in the readme describing where you would have gone with more time.

## Tips on what we’re looking for

### 1. Simplicity

We value simplicity as an architectural virtue and a development practice. Solutions should reflect the difficulty of the assigned task, and should not be unnecessarily complex.

### 2. Approach

Use MERN stack for the solution.

### 3. Self-explanatory code

The solution you produce must speak for itself. Multiple paragraphs explaining the solution is a sign that the code isn’t straightforward enough to understand on its own.

### 4. Dealing with ambiguity

If there’s any ambiguity, please add this in a section at the bottom of the README. You should also make a choice to resolve the ambiguity.

# Begin the task

## Backend

Use Express JS with mongodb database on MongoDB Atlas (free account).

Create 2 APIs as follwing:

- Product Listing API
- Product CRUD API

## Frontend

### Page 1:

Create a Product Listing Page (PLP) page which will be responsible for:

1. Each product tile should show the product information from the api:

- Product Rating
- Product Image
- Title
- Price
- Description

2. Add to Cart Button

- Users should be able to click on the Add to Cart button multiple times.
- As the customer adds the item, it should update and show on the cart.
- Each item in the Cart should show the quantity of that particular item.
- The cart should show the price of each item multiplied by the quantity.

3. We are looking for a clean, professional and accessible web app which works on all the different screen sizes.

### Page 2:

Create a products management page with a table listing all the products with columns as follows:

Add Product Button for adding a product.

- Product Rating
- Product Image
- Title
- Price
- Description
- Actions - Edit, Delete Product

On clicking Edit or Delete a modal should open with corresponding functionalities.

# AI Tool Usage

While we encourage the use of AI tools as part of the learning process but to ensure transparency, please provide the following information regarding the use of AI tools in this submission:

1.  **Specific Use Cases:** Describe for what purposes tool was used (e.g., code generation, debugging assistance, query generation etc.).
2.  **Percentage of Code Generated by AI:** Provide an estimate of the percentage of the submitted code that was generated by AI.
3.  **How AI-Generated Code Was Reviewed:** Explain how you reviewed and verified the AI-generated code to ensure its correctness and quality.

Please note, during the technical interview, which will build upon this exercise, we'll focus on your coding abilities and problem-solving skills without the use of AI tools. This will allow us to see your direct approach and thought process.

Good luck…
